{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green176\blue80;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.17134}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs32\lang9\par
                                          \fs48 ANGULAR\fs32\par
1. How does Angular 4 improved error handling, when an error is caused by something in a template?\par
A. By enabling TypeScript's StrictNullChecks \par
\cf1 B. By creating flattened versions of Angular modules \par
\cf0 C. By generating source maps in terms of original template\par
D. None of the mentioned.\par
\par
2. The . . . . . decorator allows us to define the pipe name that is globally available for use in any template in the across application.\par
A. pipeName \par
B. pipeDeco \par
\cf1 C. Pipe \cf0\par
D. None\par
\par
3. Which of the following will need Angular testing utilities for unit testing?\par
1.      Services\par
2.      Components\par
\cf1 3.      Both of the above\cf0\par
\par
4. Which of the following is not built-in pipe in Angular?\par
 A. DatePipe\par
 B. CurrencyPipe\par
\cf1  C. DataPipe\par
\cf0  D. PercentPipe\par
\par
\par
5 - Angular bootstraps itself during config phase.\par
\cf1 A - true\par
\cf0 B - false\par
\par
6. Which file is responsible for startup of angular 2 project ?\par
\cf1 A. main.ts\par
\cf0  B. index.js\par
 C. app.ts\par
 D. angular.cli.json\par
\par
7. Interpolation in angular 2 is done using\par
 \cf1 A. \{\{\}\}\cf0\par
 B. \{\{|var\}\}\par
 C. \{\{\{\}\}\}\par
 D. !!!!\par
\par
8. AngularJS 2.0 is a ?\par
A.  library\par
 \cf1 B. Framework\cf0\par
 C. Operating System\par
 D. programming Language\par
\par
9 . Which character is used for chaining multiple pipes in Angular\par
 A.  :\par
 B.  -\par
 C.  \\\cf1\par
 D.  |\par
\cf0\par
10 . Which of the following is not a hook in Angular 2 application life cycle.\par
 A.  ngOnChanges\par
 B. ngOnInit\par
 C.  ngAfterViewInit\par
\cf1  D. ngViewStart\par
\cf0\par
12. Observables help you manage . . . . . . . . data.\par
\par
    A. synchronous\par
    \cf1 B. asynchronous\par
\cf0     C. Both asynchronous & synchronous\par
    D. None of above \par
\par
13. How would you display a list of Employees on a webpage along with where they were in the list?\par
\par
    A. Loop through and print the index\par
    B. Loop through and print the employees\par
    \cf1 C. Loop through and print the index and the employee\cf0\par
    D. Pass both the index and the employee to a web service \par
\par
\par
14. If you chain multiple pipes together, they are executed\par
\par
    A. in parallel\par
    B. LIFO order\cf1\par
    C. in the order in which you specify them\par
\cf0     D. None of above \par
\par
15. The number pipe is location sensitive, which means that the same format argument will produce differently formatted results based on the . . . . . . .\par
\par
    A. user's format setting\par
    B. user's currency setting\par
\cf1     C. user's locale setting\par
\cf0     D. All of above \par
\par
16. How would you retrieve a list of items from a server's URL?\cf1\par
\par
    A. Create a URL transaction\par
\cf0     B. Use the HTTP get method\par
    C. Create a get SQL statement\par
    D. Use an HTTP package  \par
\par
17. Which of the following is not built-in pipe in Angular?\par
\par
    A. DatePipe\par
    B. CurrencyPipe\par
\cf1     C. DataPipe\par
\cf0     D. PercentPipe  \par
\par
18. Which of the following can be used to run unit tests?\par
\cf1 1.      Karma\cf0\par
2.      Protractor\par
\par
19.Which of the following can be used to run end-to-end tests?\par
1.      Karma\par
\cf1 2.      Protractor.\par
\cf0\par
20.Test doubles are needed when writing which of the following?\par
\cf1 1.      Unit tests\cf0\par
2.      End-to-end tests\par
\par
21 .Which of the following will need Angular testing utilities for unit testing?\par
1.      Services\par
2.      \cf1 Components\cf0\par
3.      All the above\par
\par
22 .It is recommended to write isolated unit tests for which of the following?\par
1.      Services\par
2.      Pipes\par
3.      \cf1 All the above\cf0\par
\par
23 .Which of the following TestBed method is used to create an Angular component under test?\par
1.      \cf1 createComponent\cf0\par
2.      createTestingComponent\par
3.      configureComponent\par
4.      configureTestingComponent\par
\par
24. What is used .angular-cli.json\par
a\cf1 . Used to configure your angular 2 project\par
\cf0 b. Used to link external files\par
c. used to install required project packages\par
  \par
25. Which file is responsible for startup of angular  project ?\par
a. \cf1 main.ts\cf0\par
b. index.js\par
c. app.ts\par
d. angular.cli.json\par
  \par
26. Which of the following is the correct way to apply a filter?\par
a. - Property-value || filter\par
b. - Property-value && filter\par
c. - \cf1 Property-value | filter\par
\cf0     \par
27 . What is the decorator used for configuring your module class?\par
a. \cf1 @NgModule\cf0\par
b. @NgApp\par
c. @NgAngular\par
d. @NgConfigure\par
  \par
28 . Interpolation in angular is done using\par
a. \cf1  \{\{\}\}\cf0\par
b. \{\{|var\}\}\par
c. \{\{\{\}\}\}\par
d. !!!!\par
 \par
29 . What does AOT stand for?\par
a. Angular Object Templates\par
b. \cf1 ahead-of-time compilation\par
\cf0 c. Angular Open Terminal\par
 \par
30 . AngularJS 2.0 is a ?\par
a. library\par
b. \cf1 Framework\cf0\par
c. Operating System\par
d. programming Language\par
  \par
31 . Which character is used for chaining multiple pipes in Angular\par
a.  :\par
b. -\par
c.  \\\par
d. \cf1 |\cf0\par
\par
32 . Which of the following filter is used to convert input to all uppercase?\par
a. upper\par
b. \cf1 uppercase\cf0\par
c. toUpper\par
d. none of the above\par
\par
33 . Which of the following is not a hook in Angular  application life cycle.\par
a. ngOnChanges\par
b. ngOnInit\par
c. ngAfterViewInit\par
d. \cf1 ngViewStar\cf0 t\par
\par
34 . Observables allow you to watch values for changes over time and also Observables can have multiple values over time. \par
A) \cf1 True\cf0\par
B) False\par
  \par
\par
36 . To use observables, Angular uses a third-party library called . . . . . . .\par
A) ng2-bootstrap\par
B) angular-cli\par
C) numeral\par
D) Re\cf1 active Extensions \cf0 (RxJS)\par
\par
37. Promises are more advanced than Observables.\par
A) True\par
B) \cf1 False\cf0\par
\par
39 . We subscribe to the observable ourselves using the actual . . . . . . method. The downside is that you have to manage the subscription yourself. \par
A) \cf1 subscribe()\cf0\par
B) subs()\par
C) subscribed()\par
D) None of above\par
\par
40 . Observables help you manage . . . . . . . . data.\par
A) synchronous\par
B) \cf1 asynchronous\cf0\par
C) Both asynchronous & synchronous\par
D) None of above\par
\par
41 . When you have a finite sequence, usually you don\rquote t need to unsubscribe, for example when using \par
the . . . . . . . . \par
\par
A) finally()\par
B) date observable\par
C) \cf1 HTTP service\cf0\par
D)\cf1  timer observable\par
\cf0\par
43.  The Angular 4 features these except\par
A. NgIf\par
B. As for loop\par
C. Ng-template\par
D. \cf1 Template\cf0\par
 \par
44 . The AngularJS is based on \par
A. \cf1 Model view controller\cf0\par
B. Component structure\par
C. Angular CLI\par
D. Angular interface\par
\par
45 .Angular 4 applications are usually small because it uses \par
A. TypeScript 2.3\par
B. TypeScript 2.1\par
C. TypeScript 2.0\par
D. \cf1 TypeScript 2\cf0 .2\par
\par
46 . The file structure of Angular 4 consist of the following except \par
A. App.component.spec.ts\par
B. App.component.ts\par
C. App.module.ts\par
D. App.comp.ts\cf1  app.comp.ts app.comp.ts\cf0\par
\par
47. The process of using curly braces in Angular 4 is \par
A. Data binding\par
B. Compilation\par
C. Bracing\par
D. \cf1 Interpolation.\cf0\par
\par
48 . A module in Angular is where one can group the following except\par
A. \cf1 Reports\cf0\par
B. Pipes\par
C. Services\par
D. Directives\par
 \par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
\par
\par
}
 